Fixed when IN query statement didn't work with Long values (#36249)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/spring/azure-spring-data-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Breaking Changes

#### Bugs Fixed

> * Fixed when IN statement in annotated query didn't work with Long values

Reviewer: missing PR link.

> * Fixed when IN statement in annotated query didn't work with Long values - See [PR 36249](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36249).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with IN statement in annotated queries not working for `Long` data type - See [PR 36249](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36249).
```
